You know discussing nine eleven with people is an interesting phenomena.
It's one of those things you have to know somebody pretty well to
di in deep to your emotions. But let me just say this about my feelings
of nine eleven. I was in Hawaii. I was one of the directors at
the now a high performance computing center for the University of Hawai
and my daughter called me and said Dad go to the TV there's a terrible
thing happening in New York. So I got to the TV before the second
tower was struck, and I watched all of that. I'd have to say the
major impact on me was one of stirring of aggression. I like the old
firehouse horse when he hears the alarm bell go off he charges to
get ready to take the horse drawn fire engine to the fire site. I just
wanted to go someplace and do something and wanted to be part of
it. So my my first impression was one of of anger. How can anybody
do that to us? And the second one was let's go get em. But late again
and I think I have to know you like better than I know you do go much
deeper than that about what I felt on that day.